what's going on guys team art here and
stay we learned some more information
about the next Call of Duty games so as
you guys know yesterday there was some
uncondition it came out that seems very
possible that the game is you know in
development its codenamed blacksmith
it's gonna be the fourth installment in
the modern warfare series so we'll call
it modern warfare 4 for now I'm not sure
if it's gonna have a different title or
what but that's the most likely option
we have at this point
we also learned a few more things about
you know some of the settings and things
like that if you guys missed that video
I'll link it on screen as well as down
the description but anyway today
sledgehammer the developer that's making
this game posted a job listing that gave
us some more information so it says the
VFX team at sledgehammer games is
looking for experienced and passionate
VFX artists to join our triple-a team in
this position the artists will work
closely with the lead VFX artist the art
director the technical director the
lighting and design team to create the
most exceptional real-time effects with
hyperrealism for our current project the
candidates will have the opportunity to
contribute in various areas of the
in-game effects including but not
excluding weaponry effects vehicle
destruction large scaled rigidbody
simulations and environmental effects
such as fire smoke water and the weather
system so ya know of course
with this new game because technology is
advanced especially because this is
gonna be the first time that they're
developing specifically for a next-gen
system and then scaling it down for the
for the previous gens of course
everything is gonna be made to look
better you know everything from the
weapons to the in-game you know kind of
physics and things like that to the new
textures you know everything from broken
scratched walls to the pieces of grass
and all that stuff all that's gonna be
much much better than it was a year
before just like it is every single year
but what really caught my eye here is
that last sentence it said an
environmental effects such as fire smoke
water and the weather system now fire
smoke and water that's awesome I'm sure
you know you guys can see there's always
fire water and smoke across all call
duty Maps no it's it's a war-torn area
of course those things would be going on
but the weather system is what really
really kind of sparked my interest so as
you guys know recently kind of like this
whole evolution idea has been a pretty
big theme in first-person shooters I can
all day we've got storm front where the
map starts off is a bright sunny day and
then throughout the map if you play it
out long enough like in domination or
something like that it kind of
transforms into this dark and stormy
rainy map and not only does it change it
in terms of like the feel and the
setting but it also actually changed the
map like it kind of makes it so you
can't see quite as far as some of those
longer sniper lines of sight and stuff
don't work as well so that's kind of
interesting or and even more kind of
dramatic example would be freefall you
guys know how the building falls to the
ground I've actually never played on
that map yet believe it or not I don't
know I'm supposed to have it but I never
got it in any of the rotations but um
yeah the map changes as it goes down
that literally changes you the sight
lines and the areas where you can run
and things like that and then there's
also other games doing this like
battlefield has it and you know a bunch
of other games have it so yeah
LEvolution seems to be a pretty big fad
at the moment for game developers and it
makes me think that maybe we'll get to
see some more of that in this next Call
of Duty game in modern warfare 4 and I
think it's pretty cool like I really
like LEvolution and things like that as
long as they're done well as long as
it's not overdone and actually adds
effect to you know whatever's going on
like maybe we could see some stuff like
back in world at war if you guys
remember making and then making day
makin was a night map and then making
day was you know the same map but it was
a day time and it dramatically changed
the way that the map played it was
really really cool or you know maybe
we'll have maps where the weather
actually changes while you're in there
you know like storm front had that rain
roll in or maybe we'll have one where we
start off at kind of dusk where you can
see well and then it goes to you know
pitch-black night where it's tougher to
see or maybe we'll have something like
you know imagine I'm whiteout if for 30
seconds out of the map a big ol blizzard
comes through and you know kind of takes
down some buildings and stuff I'm not
sure it all could be pretty cool and I'm
excited to see what they can do with it
like it is I feel like cool little
things like that or what make Matt's
really unique and make for a lot better
experience as long as it's not overdone
like that's the key you can't overdo it
you can't have too many things going on
and once otherwise it's hard to enjoy
the game you know simplicity is great
that's why everybody loves called the
before but also some of the new things
they've been added in are great as well
so I'm interested to see how they
balance that out and then also another
thing we can get from that final
sentence there is the the what's it
called vehicle destruction so I don't
think is there any vehicle to struck
I couldn't think off the top of my head
if I've ever like died from a car
anything exploding you know sorry I
don't think that that's a ghost in it
sounds like it is gonna be in this next
modern warfare 4 or you know whatever
it's called so yeah there you guys have
it there are going to be a ton of big
graphical improvements with this new
game and it looks like they're putting a
lot of emphasis at least from this job
description I'm kind of some of the more
environmental visual things like fire
smoke while their weather systems things
like that so we should see a very very
very good-looking game that focuses you
know not just on the weapons and what's
going on directly in front of you but
the kind of environment around you it's
gonna envelop you a little bit more and
it's gonna kind of keep your attention
to make you feel like you're actually in
that world so I think that's pretty cool
let me know what you guys think they do
have a lot more power to work with this
time around so is there anything in
terms of you know kind of graphics and
stuff that you would like to see
enhanced in the next Call of Duty game
leave a comment down below I'd be
interested see what you guys have to say
thank you guys so much for watching
check out what uses Commun seen yet
peace out guys